doc: Add VSC instructions to nRF53 user guide (#7570)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/includes/vsc_build_and_run_nrf53.txt

> 1. Open Visual Studio code.

Reviewer: Also, this file is in `.txt` format. Should it be an `.rst`?

Reviewer 2: `.txt` is okay since it's only for holding the include, not to be built itsef.

> #. Click on the :guilabel:`nRF Connect for VS Code` icon in the left navigation bar and then click :guilabel:`Open`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. Click on the :guilabel:`nRF Connect for VS Code` icon in the left navigation bar.
```
I think it is enough to click on the `nRF Connect` icon. I don't see `Open` button.

> #. Click on :guilabel:`Add an existing application`.

Reviewer: Hm, I think this step is incorrect? I tried to follow this step myself and it did not work.
Instead, I think it should be this instead, with some additional steps:

```suggestion
#. Click on :guilabel:`Create a new application from sample`.
#. For `Application type`, click on "Freestanding"
#. In the prompt, navigate to the folder...
#. Click on `Create Application`
    You should now see the selected application...
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/51916561/168276127-dfdb8d43-56e1-456f-9a19-93e1e184a68d.png)

Reviewer 2: My understanding is that **Add an existing application** is for when you want to continue after creating an app (clicked **Create Application**) but didn't save your work, so it's not in the list of applications but does exist in the folder you chose for **Application location**.

Reviewer: Yes, that is right. 
So, if this text is used in a context where the user has already built this sample previously, then it is fine as it (I believe).

Author: Yes, The understanding is that we are selecting any existing applications/samples (highlighted in yellow). 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/91891495/168580435-932b7eca-af3a-42a9-92e4-34b570772b2d.png)

Reviewer 2: I was looking at the VSC documentation, and they use **Create a new application from sample** for the basic instructions.

Reviewer 4: Both ` Add an existing application` and `Create a new application from sample` can be used to initialize application.  The difference is that` Create a new application from sample` copies sample to the new folder in the root of workspace and  ` Add an existing application` uses original version of ample.

Reviewer: Okay, in that case it is fine as is. Thanks for the explanation.
I will mark this as resolved now.

> #. In the prompt, navigate to the folder containing the sample you want to build, such as :file:`nrf/samples/bluetooth/peripheral_lbs`.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
#. In the prompt, navigate to the folder containing the sample you want to build, such as :file:`nrf/samples/bluetooth/peripheral_lbs`, and open it.
```
?

>    You should now see the selected application in the :guilabel:`Applications` window.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The selected application appears in the :guilabel:`Applications` window.
```
I'd use something like this. "Should" can sound like there's some doubt whether the application will or will not appear.

>    Alternate option to open an application is to select the :guilabel:`Explorer` panel, right-click on the sample and select :guilabel:`Add Folder As Application` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   An alternative option to open an application is to select the :guilabel:`Explorer` panel, right-click on the sample and select :guilabel:`Add Folder As Application` option.
```

   .. note::

>      The sample folder must contain a :file:`prj.conf` file.

Reviewer 5: This is no longer the case for NCS 2.0. The rule is now that it must contain a CMakeLists.txt file, although I don't think that info is worthy of getting a note in the documentation. Should just remove this note, IMO.
